# Angular Momentum : Commercial License


License Grant. 
Corvin Dhali hereby grants to USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM. A non-exclusive, revocable, no derivative. Non commercial license to view and discuss. The source files held within the Licensed folder Angular Momentum. With no other rights to be associated or discerned from the folder Angular Momentum, and it’s contents. 

Corvin Dhali reserves for all other rights and interests not explicitly granted under this agreement. Permitted uses granted to USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM Includes the installation within their personal google drive directory. A copy of the core files included within the directory named : Angular Momentum . Solely for personal and non-commercial use. All other internal business use case scenarios are to be discussed between Corvin Dhali and USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM. And agreed upon within a separate service agreement.

Restricted Uses. 
USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM. may not distribute, license, loan, or sell data files or any other related content contained or displayed in it. Modify, alter, or create any derivative works, reverse engineer, decompile, decode, decrypt, disassemble, or derive any source code from the Licensed folder. ,Or remove, alter, or obscure any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notice on or in the Licensed folder Angular Momentum.

Updates Right to Updates. 
Subject to paragraph [RIGHT TO CHARGE FOR UPDATES], 
USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM may choose to use any updates or upgrades (collectively, "Updates") Corvin Dhali provides to the Licensed folder Angular Momentum, but only if they have a license to use the previous version of the Licensed folder and derivative works contained within. 

License to Updates. 
Unless Corvin Dhali provides other terms in writing, USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM installation and use of any update will be subject to this agreement.
Right to Charge for Updates. 
If USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM chooses to use an Update, Corvin Dhali may charge Google Drive Document Viewer. Using web URL https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1tEAfwFZruVfow0rEshujMZ9VMcIQFNqI to access source files contained within. NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM for the use and installation of that Update.

Use of Previous Versions. 
USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM may continue to use the previous versions of the Licensed folder Angular Momentum. Subject to the terms of this agreement, provided that the Update and the previous version are installed on the same computers. 

No Transfer of Previous Versions.
USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM may not transfer the previous version to a third party. 

No Support Obligations for Previous Versions. 
Corvin Dhali will have no obligations to support previous versions of the Licensed folder Angular Momentum

License Fees.
USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM will pay Corvin Dhali  a license fee only when applicable. And under the terms of a new service agreement. 

Term. 
This agreement begins on the Effective Date May 27th 2020 and will continue until terminated (the "Term").

No Warranty"As-Is''. 
The Licensed folder Angular Momentum is provided "as is," with all faults, defects, bugs, and errors. No Warranty. Unless otherwise listed in this agreement,Corvin Dhali does not make any warranty regarding the Licensed folder Angular Momentum, which includes that Corvin Dhali retains all intellectual property in perpetuity for the Licensed folder Angular Momentum and the contents held within. 

Corvin Dhali may collect and use technical information gathered as part of its maintenance, support, and continuous development of the folder Angular Momentum. 
For the purpose of improving its products and services.

Confidentiality Obligation. No Copies or Recording, Non-Disclosure. 
The USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM will not disclose, copy, record, or otherwise reproduce. Any of the confidential Information enclosed within the folder Angular Momentum. To any third parties without the written consent of Corvin Dhali.


Termination 
Corvin Dhali may terminate this agreement with immediate effect if 
USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM breaches any part of this agreement.Termination by USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM may terminate this agreement by uninstalling, discontinuing use of, and destroy all copies of the Licensed folder Angular Momentum, effective when USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM delivers notice that it has done so.

Effect of Termination
Termination of Obligations. On the expiration or termination of this agreement, each party's rights and obligations under this agreement will cease immediately.
Any amounts owed for the related use of Licenced folder Angular Momentum become due with immediate effect. Or pre-established within the bounds of another service related agreement. 


Indemnification 
By USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM (as an indemnifying party) shall indemnify Corvin Dhali  (as an indemnified party) against all losses and expenses in connection with any proceeding arising out of USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM use of the Licenced folder Angular Momentum , and USER to access source files contained within the NAMED folder : ANGULAR MOMENTUM unauthorized customization, modification, or other alterations to the licensed folder Angular Momentum, including claims that its customization, modification, or other alterations infringe a third party's Intellectual Property rights,
 
Notice and Failure to Notify
Notice Requirement. Before bringing a claim for indemnification, the indemnified party shall notify the indemnifying party of the indemnifiable proceeding, and deliver to the indemnifying party all legal pleadings and other documents reasonably necessary to indemnify or defend the indemnifiable proceeding.
